Hello hello everyone today we will give you such Lombard
's Smart Super Mediclaim plan, as
you all know that ICC Loomba has
taken over Bharti AXA General Insurance Company and this product is
of Indian General Insurance Company which ICC
board will run, there are three variants available in this plan,
talk about value classification
and also available in 10 to 15 lakhs,
term insurance of 2060 and 1 crore is
available in treatments
hospitalization
and hospitalization do not cover
Dash
treatment in Ayurveda 1 piece, see the
treatment cover is AYUSH treatment i.e.
alternative treatments cover for 2 to 10
minutes in this, there are some guidelines in this, the place
where you get the treatment should be a
government hospital, government
approved center, they should subscribe, you can get
homeopathic treatment, there should be a
minimum of 15 backs and pass should be
registered and you should
subscribe, there are treatment
guidelines from where
minimum three days treatment is compulsory, there should be a
doctor consultant and
pre and post treatment in treatment  The
company does not claim hospitalization.
No Claim Bonus: In this plan, if you take the policy before the age of 45, then the
subscription will increase by 0. If you
take this plan after the age of 139, then there is 20 percent
more of the mean which will
increase up to 100% and if you click on the policy, then it
decreases at the same speed at which it increases. Health
checkups are available in the event which is available
for policy holders above 18 years of age
and in it, you
can subscribe to different medical services as per the coupons. Restore Benefits:
In this plan, once in the policy,
up-to-the-minute
restore benefits are available. If you take the entire
no claim bonus together, then
only in that situation you can avail the restore
benefits once in a year for up to 10 minutes. You cannot avail
treatment for meeting a doctor.
In this, you have to keep in mind
that your entire insurance
amount should be unified. In that situation,
you can avail the restore benefit only in that situation.
Talking about road ambulance, in this plan you
can claim hospitalization up to ₹3000 in all the three variants.
Balance benefits mean that if the
policy holder is admitted in the hospital for 10 days or
more, then in that situation the
company claims on the amount which is
not available in the Value Plan and
in Classic you get Rs.1000 and in Uber if
your sum assured is 20 lakh or 38 lakh then
Rs.15000 and in the case of items above 30 lakh,
Rs.20000 is the balance benefit which the
company
gives a lot of support to the policy holder in managing the expenses inside the hospital. Outpatient
Emergency Accident Treatment Only: If the
policy holder requires
outpatient emergency treatment due to an accident, then it
is not available in Loop Line. In Classic and above
you can claim up to Rs.10000. Animal
Fight: In this plan, if a dog  If
someone takes extra seat then there
is no benefit available in the loop line.
You can avail up to ₹25, ₹100 in Classic and up to ₹5000 in Over.
Ambulance is not available in Value and Classification,
whereas if your MS Word
is ₹20 lakh to ₹38 lakh then you
can avail a maximum of ₹1 lakh in this year.
If your MS Word is above ₹2 lakh then
you can click on the maximum policy of ₹2 lakh.
Appointed for the exam, in this
you have to keep in mind that no return
home ambulance company does it. In this
you have to keep in mind that the
company does not do it, hence you can add anything.
Now for the school,
you can add a maximum of ₹500 to ₹1000 in the value player,
which
in Classic you can choose from ₹500 to ₹2000 and in Over
you can choose from ₹500 to ₹3000.
In this
you can click for a maximum hospitalization of 30 days.  In which
your deductible will be one day. Maternity benefit is
optional in this plan which can be
covered after the waiting period of Rs.
220. The minimum requirement is that
you have to pay a premium of at least 3 years
and you can avail health benefits up to Rs. 35,000. For a policyholder with a life insurance plan of Rs. 50,000, you can claim up to
Rs. 75,000 and for a policy
above Rs. 30 lakh, you can claim up to Rs. 1 lakh.
If a
policyholder is coming to his/her retirement, then this plan can be
very good for him. For that, you can claim up to
Rs. 25,000 in the new born baby value plan. For a policyholder with a life insurance plan of Rs.
50,000, for a policyholder with a life insurance plan of
Rs. 75,000 and above, you can
claim up to Rs. 1 lakh. You can
subscribe to the health benefits which
you can select between the two. There are
20 critical situations in which if the
child has any throat disease, then
whatever you have selected is covered.  If we
talk about three years of any kind of appointment, then if you
click on the page then the company gives a discount of 10%
in this plan, the premium
is available in 30, the first one which covers 9 NCR
Delhi Ahmedabad Mumbai Pune,
while zone to all state capitals included
villages 138 rest of India comes, if you
select want to medium then the
company gives you a discount of 10% and if
you
subscribe to the subscribe page, you
can click for the cover page of the appointed subscribe liuji before taking the policy, if you have any problem, you can subscribe, then
you can
cancel the policy within 15 days and get your money refunded,
TV is not acting in this film, when the
entire policy is completed then at that
time C will take over this cut plan,
now Flower is a general insurance
company, if
you liked the
Smart Super Mediclaim Insurance
video of the service then we keep bringing information, so
please like our channel and
subscribe, thank you for
watching